Well ok, so here the thing is that there's no much difference between actually writing and speaking. Because this is all about your ability to build sentences. And for this video in particular I suggest to imagine the following scenario. So let's say you have a friend who is the foreigner and obviously he is a native speaker. Let's consider the situation when he speaks your mother tongue and you're asking him to teach you. Now you might be wondering that he would start using exactly the same methods as you could've learned on the courses for instance but you might get surprised by the fact that he may know really nothing about the English grammar in the way how you would expect it.
Umm.... just to give a practical example of this. I have friend who is based in the UK and interestingly his wife, well I'm not quite sure whether indeed she is his wife or not but it doesn't matter really but she is a teacher, an English in particular and when I asked him how likely she would evaluate his English skills (you just don't forget that he is a native speaker!) she would say his skills suck. And once I've asked him what does hi think about Code Monkey King's English and flattering enough he said that his neighbors are not that good in English as opposed to CMK. I was really surprised and flattered by that but the point is that the way how natives actually do understand their own grammar is quite different from what we can learn about it here in Ukraine. So this little story serves the following reason - you need to be really flexible in order to acuire the practical conversational skills most likely because they sometimes are quite opposite to what you got used to. And the way how I have been practicing with him in particular was just talking mostly but what surprised me the most is that I do understand only those patterns that he says that I do use on my own on the regular bases and those I didn't use by that time were quite uncomfortable to recognize. So I started learning those patterns and only after mastering those I finally started understanding what he was talking about. This was one case and again like this friend was British and British accents are incredibly complicated. American accents are way easier to both recognize and mimic. So I started making friends with some American guys. I had and I still have at some point a certain hobby which is retro computing. I'm talking about the rare computer from the early 1970th which is called KIM-1 - it's my favorite computer for all times and I have a friend, I now have a friend from the US, his name is Dominic Bumbaca, he is an incredible guy, he knows a lot about hardware but what is even more interesting he has a fantastic accent which is really easy to understand meanwhile it's easy to reproduce either. We had a few chats, I mean video chats lasting for HOURS and once we even had a chat with another additional guy who was interested in how to adopt supermon64 which is a hex monitor for commodore64 computer, like how to adapt it for KIM-1. I did that once and made a series of videos dedicated to that particular topic but the problem was that I used the emulator instead of the real machine and when I've been encountering some hardware related issues instead of looking for a proper emulation I just changed the behavior of my emulator. But first thing first and let's get back to the initial thought - when you're talking with a native speaker most likely he is not a teacher who is giving some lectures at the university in how English grammar works, on the contrary most likely he would be just a regular person who has no idea about those complicated grammatical principles or tenets. So here's the question arising - how would you learn from that type of the native speaker? Well, it's quite simple - you just start using his phrases, like for instance my friend Dominic used say "a whole lot of thing" or just a whole lot of whatever and I loved that phrase so much that I started using it on the daily bases, I started practicing this phrase in my programming video. So what's the conclusion - it's something similar to how the kids learn the language when they born. They do not study but naturally acquiring those skills by trying to mimic the adults and that's pretty much all in regards to how they achieve their level of the native speakers.
Surprisingly and yeah, I'm really about to end up this never ending thought here, surprisingly this method is not only applicable to the kids who live there abroad but for us guys either.
And what I'm currently doing here actually proves that. I learnt the grammar rules long time ago back in the day however those grammar patterns I'm using daily here on youtube are so so different and I can't even explain them but I can say for sure that this is indeed possible for you guys to acquire those exactly the same way I do. This is it from my side, thanks for watching, until the next time and take care!
